Update otel v0.112.0 (#2012)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.processor.interval.md

{{< docs/shared lookup="stability/experimental.md" source="alloy" version="<ALLOY_VERSION>" >}}

`otelcol.processor.interval` aggregates metrics and periodically forwards the latest values to the next component in the pipeline.
The processor supports aggregating the following metric types:

- Monotonically increasing, cumulative sums
- Monotonically increasing, cumulative histograms
- Monotonically increasing, cumulative exponential histograms
- Gauges
- Summaries

The following metric types will _not_ be aggregated and will instead be passed, unchanged, to the next component in the pipeline:

- All delta metrics
- Non-monotonically increasing sums

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> Aggregating data over an interval is an inherently "lossy" process. For monotonically increasing, cumulative sums, histograms, and exponential histograms, you "lose" precision, but you don't lose overall data. But for non-monotonically increasing sums, gauges, and summaries, aggregation represents actual data loss. IE you could "lose" that a value increased and then decreased back to the original value. In most cases, this data "loss" is ok. However, if you would rather these values be passed through, and _not_ aggregated, you can set that in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aggregating data over an interval is an inherently lossy process.
You lose precision for monotonically increasing cumulative sums, histograms, and exponential histograms, but you don't lose overall data.
You can lose data when you aggregate non-monotonically increasing sums, gauges, and summaries.
For example, a value can increase and decrease to the original value, and you can lose this change in the aggregation.
In most cases, this type of data loss is OK.
However, you can change the configuration so that these changed values pass through and are _not_ aggregated.
```

How does this read?  The only question this note raises for me (reading it standalone and not scanning the rest of the topic) is... "how do I change the config so data changes are passed through in the aggregation?"  Do we want to point the reader at the `passthrough` attribute?

Or maybe change the last sentence to this:

```
However, you can use the `passthrough` attribute to define the metric types to pass through to the next component in the pipeline.
```

Or something like this?

Author: I think that this is clear enough, thanks for the suggestion :)

| output        | [output][]        | Configures where to send received telemetry data.                          | yes      |
| passthrough   | [passthrough][]   | Configure metric types to be passed through instead of aggregated.         | no       |
| debug_metrics | [debug_metrics][] | Configures the metrics that this component generates to monitor its state. | no       |

[output]: #output-block
[debug_metrics]: #debug_metrics-block
[passthrough]: #passthrough-block

### output block

{{< docs/shared lookup="reference/components/output-block.md" source="alloy" version="<ALLOY_VERSION>" >}}

### passthrough block

The `passthrough` block configures which metric types should be passed through instead of being aggregated.

The following attributes are supported:

| Name      | Type   | Description                                                                            | Default | Required |
| --------- | ------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `gauge`   | `bool` | Determines whether gauge metrics should be passed through as they are or aggregated.   | `false` | no       |

> | `summary` | `bool` | Determines whether summary metrics should be passed through as they are or aggregated. | `false` | no       |

Reviewer: I'd say we don't need the coma here. The "bigger" issue is the description is passive voice :-) and we try to opt for active ("do a thing". not "a thing was done").

> | `summary` | `bool` | Determines whether summary metrics should be passed through as they are or aggregated. | `false` | no       |

Author: how would you make it more active here?

> | `summary` | `bool` | Determines whether summary metrics should be passed through as they are or aggregated. | `false` | no       |

Reviewer: Generally to make something like this more active, you state who or what is performing the action. It's not easy in these short descriptions, so.. I'd leave it as-is and not spend any brain power on it :-)
